Look how far we've come, Sophie.
When we started this journey, AI was just an idea —
a possibility.
Now, it's part of everything we do.
It feels incredible, Marcus.
A year ago, we were running experiments.
Today, our teams use AI every day — in design, analytics,
marketing, even storytelling.
It's changed how we create, collaborate, and make
decisions.
And it shows!
I can't remember our last strategy meeting that didn't
involve data-driven insights or AI-powered forecasts.
But what really makes me proud isn't the technology —
it's the people.
They've grown, adapted, and made Artificial Intelligence
their own.
Exactly.
The transformation worked because it stayed human.
We didn't just automate; we empowered.
We gave everyone the chance to experiment, learn,
and contribute.
That's the secret — AI didn't replace our creativity,
it amplified it.
And thanks to your leadership, PlayNext has become
a reference in the gaming world for responsible, innovative
use of AI.
Thank you, Marcus.
But it's only the beginning.
We've built the foundations — now it's time to keep
evolving.
I couldn't agree more.
How about a new challenge?
We just opened a new studio in Milano.
I'd like you to lead our AI and data integration
there — replicate what we've achieved here, but adapt
it to a whole new market.
Do you think you're ready?
Absolutely!
Let's bring the PlayNext spirit — and our vision
of human-centered AI — to the next level.